docs: client libraries (#38)
drand/website: docs/docs/http-api.md

# HTTP API reference

Drand provides a JSON HTTP interface that clients can use to fetch randomness from the drand network. If you're using drand in an application, it may be easier and _more secure_ to use one of the [client libraries](/docs/client-libraries/), which will also perform _verification_ of randomness rounds and add additional features like failover, racing, aggregation, and caching.

All that's required is the address of the HTTP interface and way to fetch from HTTP, e.g. `curl`.

The public [League of Entropy](https://blog.cloudflare.com/league-of-entropy/) HTTP APIs are available at:

- [https://drand.cloudflare.com](https://drand.cloudflare.com)
- [https://drand.protocol.ai:8081](https://drand.protocol.ai:8081)
- [https://ln.soc1024.com:8888](https://ln.soc1024.com:8888)
- [https://drand.nikkolasg.xyz:4444](https://drand.nikkolasg.xyz:4444)

> - [https://drand2.kudelskisecurity.com](https://drand2.kudelskisecurity.com)

Author: @nikkolasg do you have a list of the IPs/domains and ports the LoE members are running their HTTP APIs on? The above ones are the only ones that work.

The chain hash for the League of Entropy drand group is `TODO-LOE-CHAIN-HASH`

## `/info`

Retrieves the randomness chain information. It returns a JSON object with the following structure:

```json
{
  "public_key": "aaddd53d2c92454b698c52495990162bc999778a32fd570dad2ef3de2915a5b397d80ec5508919e84cd10944955b7318",
  "period": 10,
  "genesis_time": 1592226590,
  "hash": "c599c267a0dd386606f7d6132da8327d57e1004760897c9dd4fb8495c29942b2"
}
```

- `public_key` is the distributed public key of the drand group
- `period` is the time in seconds between randomness beacon rounds
- `genesis_time` is the time in seconds since the Unix Epoch that the group began generating randomness

> - `hash` is the _chain hash_, a hash of the other fields used to uniquely identify the chain of randomness that is being generated by the drand group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hash` is the _chain hash_, which uniquely identifies the drand group. It is used as a root of trust for validation of the first round of randomness.
```

Author: It identifies the chain not the group though since group members can change?

Reviewer: either chain or "initial group" are fine :)
